So now what we'll do is we'll simply not called the factorial solution because it's very easy to go
back to making it also very easy to code.
But we will go a recursive plus backed recursive plus memorization solution rate, which is a little.
Digi and important recursive hour plus memorization.
And then we will see what else can be optimized in this code.
From that optimization, we realize that vibrant mask is necessary, right?
So how we like to record this origin for this, it's a very simple solution.
What I'll do is I'll start with let's go to DB, let's say.
Okay, initially what I would say, let's say I'm on one or I just called DB initially, right?
And I'll say that again, this is a set so I'll pass a set to it.
Okay, let me.
What is my current index or the current note or the current vertex on which I am?
And secondly, El Paso said, write said.
What will this ad contain?
It will contain all the words which I visited below so that I don't visit them again.
Right.
And then simply I'll iterate over all the other notes which are in the since you of this vertex.
And then I will simply jump onto those note and finally figure out whether in the end, what will be
the base case.
The base case will be very simple, that whether this set contains all the notes or not, that needs
to be visited.
So basically it's nothing, but it's more of a DFS with a set which tells me whether I have visited
a node or not, whether or not.
And then we will simply memorize it because we can memory the vertex in a second rate.
So let me quickly move on to this solution so far as we can see that.
A Yeah, I just took an I just in the list, I'm just taken to degrade because I want I want to not,
you know, improvise this solution basically to not improve the complexity of it, but to make you understand
what is masking, right.
So I'm just going to and crossing adjacency list and it's about it's actually great.
So I've just taken an attempt and finally one else's I will see out whether the solution exists or not.
Right.
Initially let me pass an MP vertex or what I can do is I can see the answer is false.
It sounds it is false.
Right.
And instead of that, let's take a boolean value itself.
Let's say initially that Hamiltonian path does not exist in Hamiltonian.
But cool.
And finally, let's start from zero because we have to start from zero because of zero base indexing.
So you'll understand why have I taken this?
Now what I can say is the answer or equals to D B start from A and what will be the values in my set.
The values in my.
Okay.
I have to pass, etc..
It's a little positive.
We can also pass a vector that just gives a track of all the elements, but I'm just passing a set of
both of them can do.
Right.
I'm taking a side because it's a very simple thing because of and I'll be writing this because it's
solution.
I have to check whether which note is already in the set and which is not in the set.
Right.
Because that's when I got in letter.
I started from zero.
Then I have to check that.
Is one in this set or not, right?
So that can be very easy.
I can easily find it in this end because I can directly go straight out fine.
Right.
Which is fine.
But in fact, what I have to do is I have to iterate again and again.
So that's why I'm digging said goal.
So it's not a big deal.
And yeah, so let me keep a set here.
And in this set, what I'll do is I'll just insert I.
And also there's one more thing where I'm taking a side over here because of when I'll memorize the
set so you can see that asset is in order data structure, right?
That means if I push 2 to 3, four and one inside it, then it will be ordered as one, two, three,
four.
Correct.
So it's in order to create a structure that means it doesn't matter which vertices I'm visiting or in
or in which order I am visiting those vertices.
It will just tell me that, yes, I have visited these vertices.
Correct.
So I want to try for one.
To be same as one, two, three, four, because I'm just keeping a set of vertices.
I'm just keeping track of those vertices which I visited.
Right.
So I just insert I and I start from, I say answers articles to DB, I must say.
Okay, so let's start.
So here I'm just taking a map of intensity and for every word, I just push the set that okay, they
are this vertex and this that have been registered and I load and back that will be just used for memorization.
This map will be just used for memorization.
Cool.
And yeah, so this will be boolean function and this will be the current node, which I'm on.
And what we'll have will have a set.
Good.
And finally.
Why do we lose?
Let's go into a decent list.
I just sense a list of current.
So what I can do is, instead of taking a dozen Z and grossing, let's take the vector only.
Right.
Because now it doesn't matter.
Because I am already taking search to find out things.
Right.
So, yeah, let me just take a vector only because.
See, guys, both of them can work, right?
I'm just taking things.
Just to explain it more easily.
So I just performed it.
We are going the extensive list of effects and which is nothing but drop current.
And what else is that?
Tell me whether X is visited or not.
Because what will tell me whether it is visiting this set and if it is not visited, I'll ask it to
visit to that site.
Correct.
So yeah.
So there's one thing that I want you to realize that this solution is very different from backtracking
solution.
In this solution, I'm not going to backtrack anything.
So a backtracking solution would not require a said rate.
A backtracking solution can only can also work with a visitor that can just keep a visitor that day
and find out whether it is visited or not.
But we cannot memorize the backtracking solution.
Why?
Because, let's say if two was visited.
Right.
But what?
But you know, which bot did I take when I came to do that matters.
That's why I'm keeping a sec.
Because this said will maintain they look at these were the vertices that were visited when I came to
this particular node which is current.
Cool.
This is important, guys.
The difference between a backtracking and indicative solution in this case is very different.
Eight.
So yeah.
Let's move forward and let's see if still don't find.
X is not equal to SD dot.
And that means I have.
That means it is.
It means X is in this.
Or that means X is visited.
So let me make it equal to.
What will this mean?
If this is true?
That means I was going to find I was going to find this X in the set.
And it is not in the set.
Right.
So if it is not in the set, what what will I do?
I just.
Let's stay on this set.
Let's call it temp and let's make really close to SD.
And finally, let me insert SD dot insert 30 -- dot insert x because I have to maintain this.
Right.
Which, which elements are there in the set and which are not h I've inserted X into the set.
And finally, what I'll do is I simply.
C Let's make answer on Sir William.
Yeah.
Boolean answer is false.
And what I'd say there.
Tell me whether a bot exist from the next nodes if these were the nodes which are already visited.
Right.
So I just say D be x comma.
Yeah.
And just passed them.
I hope you're getting the point.
I'm just copying this set into a temporary set, which I have to parse because I have to insert x also
that x is now the node that is also visited.
Right?
Then again, I go in that sends a list of it.
And so what will be the base case?
The base case will be if as the dot size is equal to N, that means if all the nodes in my state is
visited, that means I have found a particular Hamiltonian, but because I'm not visiting any node twice.
Also let me take anywhere here and maybe let's take em on.
So on the top because we have to use and then in the base case you have to use and in the base case,
right.
So if set size is equal to and I simply return to that, yes, the answer was possible.
Right.
And you and if any one of those parts were possible that then what I can simply do, I can simply say,
let's return the answer.
I hope this is clear now.
Let's memorize it now.
We have to memorize it on the basis of current.
And this said that these are the nodes which are already visited.
Right?
I've already got a map.
And what I'll do is I'll simply say and B.
Yeah.
MP Don't count it.
That means if this was set, then simply.
Return MP Dore Gold.
Okay.
So it is.
Hmm.
So this is interesting.
So what I what I want to keep is I want to keep that for this current law and for this said, for all
the law that I visited, I'm writing right now on the current known whether, oh, I have came to this
place earlier or not.
Right.
So for this, I don't have to keep in conversating.
Let's keep here.
Right.
So the first key will be a pair of indented, right?
And the second key can be an IT or a boolean.
Cool.
So I simplisafe and pilot count current command.
This set that I have already have.
I'll simply return.
MP current comment said.
And if this was not said, then finally we consented.
Let me pick this.
Let me be this great.
Okay.
Some errors.
Hmm.
Okay.
Set is small.
My word.
Okay.
So I have not declared answer.
It's Hamiltonian, but my word again.
Right.
And finally, Alessio Dancer.
I re sorry.
It's in habit of digging.
Yeah.
So here we can see that.
Yes.
The part.
Hamiltonian part existed.
Right.
So I hope you can realize it.
How is this recursion?
Plus, memorization is working.
So this is very different from a backtracking solution laid in a backtracking solution.
I can go any of the parts and I can just keep account of which node is visited and which node is not.
I do not need to keep us at the rate, but here I need to keep a sec because I need to memorize it.
Right.
Because let me quickly explain this.
Maybe it will make things more clear that when you are trying, backtracking and you're just keeping
an individual not right.
But it depends on which paths you took to keep that node visit, for example.
Okay.
Let me give you a nice example maybe.
Um.
Okay.
So in this case, we can see that 0 to 1 three is about correct and 0 to 1 to do is another but three.
So in backtracking, I just need to keep track of whether zero was wasted or not.
One was wasted on art and three was wasted on not but integration.
I need to keep said they look at these with an order of be done.
Only I can memorize it.
Right because the.
Order of the bat does not matter, right?
But it matters whether the new one is visited or not.
And so simply so here we can see that it existed.
Now, let me just remove one good note in this.
Um, okay.
Let's remove this 0 to 1, and then let's see whether resolution works or not.
He.
So you can see that that the solution doesn't exist.
That there's no Hamiltonian.
But I hope you got this.
And in the next part, we'll discuss that.
How can we?
Okay.
We will discuss the complexity of this solution as well.
But we'll also discuss how can we optimize it pool.
And then you will realize what is D B we would mask.
It's a very, very simple thing like.